README.md, before:

# metasens: Advanced Statistical Methods to Model and Adjust for Bias in Meta-Analysis
Official GitHub repository of R package metasens

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/guido-s/metasens.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/guido-s/metasens)
[![CRAN Version](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/metasens)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=metasens)
[![Monthly Downloads](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/metasens)](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/metasens)
[![Total Downloads](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/grand-total/metasens)](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/grand-total/metasens)
[![Research software impact](http://depsy.org/api/package/cran/metasens/badge.svg)](http://depsy.org/package/r/metasens)


## Description

The following methods are implemented to evaluate how sensitive the results of a meta-analysis are to potential bias in meta-analysis:
 - Copas selection model;
 - limit meta-analysis;
 - upper bound for outcome reporting bias.


## Installation

### Current official [![CRAN Version](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/metasens)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=metasens) release:
```r
install.packages("metasens")
```

### Current beta / GitHub release:
```r
install.packages("devtools")
library("devtools")
install_github("guido-s/metasens")
```

Commit message:

Add references to GitHub README

README.md, after:

# metasens: Advanced Statistical Methods to Model and Adjust for Bias in Meta-Analysis
Official GitHub repository of R package metasens

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/guido-s/metasens.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/guido-s/metasens)
[![CRAN Version](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/metasens)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=metasens)
[![Monthly Downloads](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/metasens)](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/metasens)
[![Total Downloads](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/grand-total/metasens)](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/grand-total/metasens)
[![Research software impact](http://depsy.org/api/package/cran/metasens/badge.svg)](http://depsy.org/package/r/metasens)


## Description

The following methods are implemented to evaluate how sensitive the results of a meta-analysis are to potential bias in meta-analysis:
 - Copas selection model (Copas and Shi, 2001; Schwarzer et al., 2010);
 - limit meta-analysis (Rücker et al., 2011);
 - upper bound for outcome reporting bias (Copas and Jackson, 2004).

### References

Copas J, Jackson D (2004), A bound for publication bias based on the
fraction of unpublished studies.  *Biometrics*, **60**, 146-153.

Copas JB, Shi JQ (2001), A sensitivity analysis for publication bias
in systematic reviews.  *Statistical Methods in Medical Research*,
**10**, 251-265.

Rücker G, Schwarzer G, Carpenter JR, Binder H, Schumacher M (2011),
Treatment-effect estimates adjusted for small-study effects via a
limit meta-analysis. *Biostatistics*, **12**, 122-142.

Schwarzer G, Carpenter J, Rücker G (2010), Empirical evaluation
suggests Copas selection model preferable to trim-and-fill method for
selection bias in meta-analysis.  *Journal of Clinical Epidemiology*,
**63**, 282-288.


## Installation

### Current official [![CRAN Version](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/metasens)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=metasens) release:
```r
install.packages("metasens")
```

### Current beta / GitHub release:
```r
install.packages("devtools")
library("devtools")
install_github("guido-s/metasens")
```
